Software License Agreement (Perpetual) Software License Agreement THIS AGREEMENT between Name of Party Granting License (Licensor) (Licensor), of Address of Party Granting License (Licensor) and Name of Party Receiving License (Licensee) (Licensee), of Address of Party Receiving License (Licensee) (Licensee). WHEREAS: (A) (B) This Agreement is a license agreement and not an agreement for the sale of software or services. This Agreement gives Licensee limited rights to use the Software and Related Materials described below and imposes upon Licensee certain obligations to protect the Software and Related Materials from unauthorized use, reproduction, distribution or publication. NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions. In this Agreement the following words and phrases shall have the following respective meanings, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) Confidential Information means proprietary material or information belonging to Licensor, or to any third party to which Licensor owes a duty to maintain confidentiality, directly or indirectly placed by Licensor, or by third parties to which Licensor is related, into the possession of Licensee which material or information is not generally available to or used by others (except other persons whom Licensor has granted licenses of the Software and Related Materials or part thereof) or the utility or value of which is not generally known or recognized as standard practice, whether or not the underlying details are in the public domain, and includes, without limitation, all business information, computer software and computer technology, whether patentable or not, which is acquired by or on behalf of Licensee from time to time and which, owing to the relationship between Licensor and Licensee, may become known to Licensee. Copyrights shall refer to those copyrights or copyright registrations for the Software or the Software and Related Materials and shall include future copyrights belonging to Licensor or any third party related to Licensor for improvements and modifications thereof and applications by Licensor for registration of copyrights for improvements and modifications thereof; Enhancements means changes and or improvements to the Software, whether arising out of the particular Software configuration for the specific use of Licensee or otherwise; (b) (c) -2(d) Errors means, with regard to the Software, incorrect source code or object code or anything not in agreement with published Specifications or requested modifications; Know-How includes all technology, source code, object code, local area network manager code, technical information, procedures, processes, trade secrets, methods, practices, techniques, information, logic flow charts, sketches, drawings, Specifications, application and modification manuals and data relating to the design, manufacture, production, inspection, and testing of the Software, which are from time to time in Licensor's possession; Manuals means the programmer's manuals, the technical manuals and the user manuals and other similar documentation; Modifications means Enhancements and or correction of Errors, and Modifications shall be deemed to have been accepted by Licensee upon the lapse of sixty (60) days following successful installation of any Modifications unless Licensee notifies Licensor in writing prior to the lapse of such period that the Modifications in question do not conform to Specifications; Related Materials means all of the printed materials, user documentation, training documentation and confidential activation code for the Software supplied by Licensor to Licensee, and includes the Manuals; Software, which includes the Know-How and, unless otherwise hereinafter set out to the contrary, any Modifications, is described on Schedule A herein and includes all actual copies of all or any portion of the computer programs delivered by Licensor to Licensee, inclusive of backups, updates and merged copies either permitted by this Agreement or supplied subsequently by Licensor or any party related to Licensor; and Specifications means the functional performance parameters of the Software. (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) 2. Grant of License and Reservation of Ownership. Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software and Related Materials at the site referred to in Schedule AA@ hereto and otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Licensor retains title and exclusive ownership of any and all copies of the Software and Related Materials licensed hereby. Licensee agrees to use its best efforts to protect the Software and Related Materials from unauthorized use, reproduction, distribution or publication. License Fee. In consideration for the granting of the license of the Software and Related Materials to Licensee, Licensee hereby agrees to pay to Licensor a license fee in the amount of Amount of License Fee (ie. $3,500.00) upon delivery of the Software to Licensee. Licensee shall also pay to Licensor all sales, excise and other taxes thereon and upon any other amounts payable by Licensee to Licensor pursuant to this Agreement. 3. -34. Copyrights. (a) The Software and Related Materials are owned by Licensor and are protected by U.S. copyright laws and applicable international treaties and or conventions. Without limiting the prohibition on assignment contained elsewhere in this Agreement, Licensee acknowledges that its rights to use the Software and Related Materials are personal to Licensee. Licensee therefore covenants not to permit the use of the Software and Related Materials by unauthorized persons and to use its best efforts to prevent the exportation of the Software and Related Materials or any portion thereof into any country which does not have copyright laws that will protect Licensor's Copyrights. Licensor, at its own expense, will defend and indemnify Licensee from all claims that the Software and Related Materials infringe a Canadian copyright, provided that Licensee gives Licensor prompt written notice of such claims and permit Licensor to defend or settle the claims and provides Licensor with all reasonable co-operation and further provided that Licensor shall not be required to defend and indemnify Licensee from infringement claims resulting from Modifications by Licensee. As to any Software and Related Materials which are or in the opinion of Licensor may become subject to a claim of infringement, Licensor, at its option, will obtain the right for Licensee to continue using the Software and Related Materials or replace or modify the Software and Related Materials so as to make it noninfringing. If none of the aforementioned alternatives are available on commercially reasonable terms, then Licensee agrees to return the Software and Related Materials to Licensor upon Licensor's written request and Licensor shall, upon return, refund to Licensee all license fees paid by Licensee to Licensor, and Licensor shall have no other or further liability to Licensee. Licensee acknowledges that the remedies set out in paragraph 11 hereof constitute the sole and exclusive remedy of Licensee for copyright infringement. (b) (c) 5. Permitted Uses of the Software and Related Materials. As each configuration of central processing units and or networked systems may be unique, Licensee agrees to conform Licensee's use of the Software to the particular Software configuration licensed by Licensor to Licensee. Said configuration is incorporated into this license agreement by reference, inclusive of Modifications created or approved by Licensor. Licensee may make one (1) copy of the Software for archival purposes only, unless Licensor agrees otherwise in writing. Uses Not Permitted. Licensee covenants and agrees that it will not: (a) whether in whole or in part, sell, rent, lease, sublease, license, sublicense, lend, time-share, transfer, assign or provide the use of or access to the Software and Related Materials, or any portion thereof, to unlicensed persons; 6. -4(b) (c) (d) (e) (f) 7. assign, mortgage, charge or otherwise encumber either the Software and Related Materials or its rights under this Agreement. reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software. alter, modify or create any derivative works of the Software and Related Materials or any portion thereof. Except as permitted elsewhere in this Agreement, make additional copies of the Software and Related Materials or any portion thereof. obscure or remove any copyright or trademark notices. Assignment. Without limiting anything contained elsewhere in this Agreement, Licensee shall not assign this Agreement or any rights herein without the prior written consent of Licensor, which consent may be arbitrarily withheld. Any purported assignment without Licensor's consent shall be deemed to be null and void. Term. The license granted by this Agreement is a perpetual license. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice if Licensee fails to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall return the Software and Related Materials to Licensor together with any whole or partial copies, codes, Modifications and merged portions in any form. The parties agree that all provisions set out in this Agreement for the protection of Licensor and its Copyrights shall remain in force notwithstanding termination of this Agreement. Updates. Provided that Licensee is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor agrees to make available to Licensee all updates, improvements and enhancements for the Software, if any, at Licensor=s then current update fee, which fee is currently Licensor's Current Update Fee (ie. $500.00) per update. Nothing herein shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Licensor to develop any such updates, improvements or enhancements. Limited Warranty. (a) Licensor warrants that the Software, without Modifications, will substantially conform to the Related Materials for a period of one (1) year from the date of receipt by Licensee. Licensor warrants that the media upon which the Software is provided and the Related Materials will be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of receipt by Licensee. LICENSOR DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 8. 9. 10. (b) -5PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND RELATED MATERIALS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO COMPANY. COMPANY MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. (c) During the warranty period, Licensor's entire liability and Licensee's exclusive remedy shall, at Licensor's option, be one of the following: (i) (ii) (iii) Licensor may attempt to correct or work around Errors; Licensor may replace the Software and Related Materials; Licensor may refund to Licensee the license fees paid to Licensor upon return of the Software and Related Materials to Licensor or its authorized distributor. (d) Licensor shall not be liable for damages, direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary, related to Licensee's use of the Software and Related Materials, even if Licensor is advised of the possibility of such damage. 11. Confidentiality. All Confidential Information, including the Know-How, shall be treated as confidential by Licensee and shall be used solely to enable Licensee to use the Software in accordance with this Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall prevent Licensee from making disclosure of any of the Confidential Information to any employee of Licensee for the sole purpose of utilizing the Software and Related Materials in accordance with this Agreement, provided that Licensee shall obtain from each employee to whom such disclosure is made a covenant of non-disclosure. No Implied Waiver. No failure or delay by Licensor in enforcing any right or remedy in this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any future exercise of such right or remedy by Licensor. Conflict of Documents. Any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any purchase order or other document in relation to the license granted hereby shall be resolved in favour of the terms of this Agreement. Equitable Relief. Licensee acknowledges that any breach by it of any of the terms of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable harm or damage to Licensor and that, in the event of such breach, in addition to any and all remedies at law, Licensor shall have the right to obtain an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief to prevent the continuous violation of the terms of this Agreement. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the 12. 13. 14. 15. -6State of State of Licensor (ie. Washington). 16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes any previous agreements, understandings and arrangements between the parties relating to the Software and Related Materials. Any amendments hereto are enforceable only if in writing and signed by each of the parties. SeverabilityIf any portion of this Agreement is deemed by any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding. Execution. This Agreement has been executed by an authorized signatory duly entitled to bind the party on behalf of which he or she has executed this Agreement. 17. 18. IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. NAME OF LICENSOR Per: Name: Title: NAME OF LICENSEE Per: Name: Title: Schedule A Description of Software: Site: Description of Software Site Download or Print Add To Collection 7.6K Reads 22 Readcasts 1 Embed Views This is a private document. Published by Search TIP Press Ctrl-F F to search anywhere in the document. Info and Rating Category: Uncategorized. Rating: 4.5 (2 Ratings) Upload Date: 01 19 2008 Copyright: Attribution Non-commercial Tags: ( ) ( ) Free download as PDF File (.pdf), Word Doc (.doc), Text File (.txt) or read online for free. Flag document for inapproriate content http: www.scribd.com doc 1042193 Software-License-Agreement-Perpetual 11 07 2012 pdf text
