SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT Via Internet PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE BY CLICKING THE [I ACCEPT AGREE BUTTON OR I ACCEPT AGREE HYPERTEXT LINK] AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS WEB PAGE. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT MEANS THAT YOU ARE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. YOU MAY NOT PURCHASE THE SOFTWARE APPLICATION UNLESS YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. RECITALS HDM, Corporation (Licensor) is the developer and exclusive owner of a proprietary computer software system designed to provide assistance with the implementation of new health care legislation. You (Licensee) desire to secure a nonexclusive license for the use of the software, and Licensor is willing to grant a limited license to Licensee to use the software under the following terms and conditions herein stated. In consideration of the covenants and obligations hereinafter set forth, and the mutual benefits to be derived hereunder, the parties agree as follows: DEFINITIONS As used in this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply: (a) Accept or Acceptance or Accepted shall mean that the Licensee has accepted the terms of this Agreement and has manifested said acceptance by clicking on the [I Accept Agree button or I Accept Agree hypertext link] at the bottom of this Agreement. (b) Licensed Product shall mean, collectively, the Licensed Software and Licensed Documentation (as hereinafter defined). (c) Licensed Software or Software shall mean the software entitled Discovering HIPAA Training Series consisting of two modules entitled: (1) Understanding HIPAA; and (2) Accessing and Sharing Protected Information. (d) Licensed Documentation shall mean all documentation, other than the Software, related to the Software supplied by Licensor hereunder. (e) Licensed Computer shall mean only one of the Licensees computers. (f) Use shall mean the reading of the Licensed Software into and out of memory of the Licensees Licensed Computer and the execution of such Licensed Software, in whole or in part, by the Licensees Licensed Computer, or any other similar use of the Software. (g) Non-exclusive License means a license that does not preclude the Licensor from transferring to other licensees the same information, informational rights or contractual rights within the same scope, including consignment of a copy. 1. Grant of License. Subject to the terms and conditions specified herein and after Licensee has accessed Licensors web page containing its software and Accepted the terms of this Agreement, Licensor shall grant to Licensee a license to Use the Licensed Software on the Licensed Computer, and Licensee hereby accepts, a nonexclusive and nontransferable right (license) to use the Licensed Software on the Licensed Computer and to use the Licensed Documentation during the term hereof in support of the Use of the Licensed Software. 2. Term of License. Unless otherwise terminated or canceled as provided herein, the term of this license shall commence once the Licensee has Accepted this Agreement and shall terminate in twelve (12) months from that date. 3. License Fees and Taxes. The license fees and charges for the license herein granted to Licensee shall be the then current license fees and charges of Licensor for the Licensed Product in effect at the time of Licensors acceptance of this Agreement. The license fees and charges, taxes and other applicable charges shall be due and payable upon request of Licensor but in all events prior to the initiation of installation of the Software with Licensee. Licensee shall pay a late payment charge of 1.5 percent per month, or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is less, on any unpaid amount for each calendar month or fraction thereof that any payment to Licensor is in arrears. Licensee shall pay all taxes based on or in any way measured by this License Agreement, the Licensed Product or any portion thereof, or any services related thereto, excluding taxes based on Licensors net income, but including personal property taxes, if any. If Licensee challenges the applicability of any such tax, it shall pay the same to Licensor and Licensee may thereafter seek refund thereof. 4. Protection of Licensed Product. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Software (i)is the exclusive property and a trade secret of Licensor; (ii)is furnished by Licensor to Licensee in confidence; (iii)contains proprietary and confidential information of Licensor; and (iv)is of substantial value to Licensor, protected by law, and its use and disclosure must be carefully and continuously controlled. Title to, ownership of, and all proprietary rights to the Software are reserved to and will at all times remain the exclusive proprietary property of Licensor. Licensee shall not disclose or make available the Licensed Product or any portion thereof to third parties at any time or any information from Licensor marked confidential. Licensee agrees to hold the Software in confidence and take all precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of the Software. In addition, Licensee agrees that it shall not reverse engineer, assemble, decompile or otherwise derive a source code equivalent of the Software. Licensee shall promptly and in good faith take all action reasonably necessary, advisable, or requested by Licensor to assure compliance with the provisions of this Section 4 by all employees and agents of Licensee which may include, without limitation, execution of appropriate restrictive agreements by such employees and agents. Licensor's rights and Licensee's obligations under this Section shall survive the termination or assignment of the license granted under this Agreement. Upon the termination, cancellation, or expiration of this Agreement, any and all copies of the Software shall be immediately deleted and or destroyed and the Licensee, or the Vice President or a more senior officer of the Licensee, shall immediately certify in writing to Licensor that no copies of any components of the Licensed Product have been retained (whether in hard copy, electronic copy or otherwise). Upon reasonable notice from time to time, and within a period of six (6) months following the expiration of any termination of this Agreement, Licensor may arrange for the inspection and review of Licensees computer systems to assure compliance with all terms and provisions of this License Agreement. Licensee further acknowledges that the Licensor currently has a pending copyright on the Software and that breach of this provision would result in irreparable harm for which there is no remedy at law. As a result, Licensee agrees that Licensor is entitled to equitable relief (including without limitation, injunctive relief), without the need for a bond, in a court with subject matter jurisdiction in the State of Nebraska for the violation or suspected violation of this provision. Licensee further agrees to pay for any of Licensors damages, fees, attorneys fees, and lost profits incurred as result of its violation of this provision. Licensee agrees it has no right, power, or authority to make any modifications to or copies whatsoever of the Software. 5. Updates Maintenance. Licensor may, from time to time in its sole discretion, update the Software to reflect current changes including but not limited to changes resulting from HIPAA. Licensee may request any such updates, but Licensor reserves the right to assess Licensee an additional fee for said updates. In the event that Licensee desires to engage Licensor to conduct any form of maintenance, Licensee may contact the Licensor and enter into a separate agreement with Licensor at the then current fee charge. 6. Limited Warranty. 6.1. Licensor warrants that for a period of sixty (60) days after delivery of the Licensed Product to Licensee: (a) The Licensed Product will, in all material respects, meet Licensors specifications in existence as of the date of this Agreement. (b) If the Licensed Product fails to meet the media warranty of Paragraph (a) of this section and Licensee gives Licensor written notice thereof during the warranty period, Licensors sole and exclusive obligation shall be to provide technical services to reasonably attempt to correct the failure, provided that Licensee gives Licensor detailed information regarding such failure and Licensor is able to correct the same. Licensee acknowledges that the Licensed Product is complex and may not be error free and that all errors, if any, may not be correctable or avoidable. 6.2. except and to the extent expressly provided in this section and in lieu of all other warranties, there are no warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability of the computer program, informational content or fitness for licensees purpose. 6.3. licensee shall be solely responsible for the selection, installation, use, and suitability of the licensed product, and licensor shall have no liability thereforE. 6.4. Licensor shall not in any event be liable to Licensee for the warranty provisions of this section if: (a) Any modifications are made to the Licensed Product or any part of the Software is merged into any other software; (b) The Licensed Product is used with software or hardware that are not supplied by Licensor or are not approved in writing by Licensor; (c) The media for the Licensed Product is subject to misuse or abuse. 7. Proprietary Rights Indemnity. 7.1. Licensor shall defend or settle, in its absolute judgment and at its own expense, any claim made against Licensee that the licensed Use of the Licensed Product infringes any United States patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right, and shall indemnify Licensee and hold it harmless against any final judgment that may be awarded by a court of final jurisdiction against Licensee as a result of the foregoing, provided the Licensee shall give Licensor prompt written notice of such claim and shall provide Licensor with reasonable cooperation and information in the possession of Licensee. 7.2. If a claim is made that the licensed Use of the Licensed Product infringes any United States patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right or if Licensor believes that the likelihood of such a claim exists, Licensor shall either, in Licensors sole discretion, procure for Licensee the right to continue using the Licensed Product and to exercise the rights and licenses granted hereunder, modify the Licensed Product to make it non-infringing but continue to meet the specifications therefore, or replace the Licensed Product with non-infringing software of like functionality that meets the specifications for the Licensed Product; but if none of the forgoing is reasonably available to Licensor, Licensor may terminate cancel the license granted hereunder to use the Licensed Product. 7.3. Licensor shall have no liability to Licensee for any claim of infringement pursuant to this section if such claim is based upon: (a) Combination of the Licensed Product with any data, software or devices (other than QuickTime); or (b) Modifications made to the Licensed Product. 7.4. The foregoing sets forth Licensor entire liability to Licensee for the infringement of proprietary rights by Licensed Product or any portion thereof. 8. Indemnification by Licensee. Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold Licensor and its representatives, owners, and affiliated entities harmless from any liability, loss, claim, or expense, including reasonable attorneys fees, related to any violation of this Agreement or use of the Licensed Product by Licensee or by any person or entity affiliated with Licensee. 9. Termination Cancellation. 9.1. Licensor may terminate cancel this License Agreement and any license granted to Licensee hereunder, if: (a) Licensee fails to pay Licensor any license fees or charges as provided for above; (b) Licensee is in default of any other provision hereof and such default has not been cured within ten (10) days after Licensor gives Licensee written notice thereof; or (c) Licensee becomes insolvent or seeks protection, voluntarily or involuntarily, under any bankruptcy law. 9.2. In the event of any termination cancellation hereof or of any license granted to Licensee hereunder, Licensor may: (a) Declare all amounts owed hereunder to Licensor to be immediately due and payable; (b) Require that Licensee cease any further Use of the Licensed Product or any portion thereof; and (c) Cease performance of all of Licensor's obligations hereunder without liability to Licensee. 9.3. All of Licensors rights, remedies and recourse shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights and remedies available to Licensor in law and in equity. 9.4 Upon any termination, expiration, or cancellation whatsoever of this Agreement (whether due to breach or otherwise), Licensor shall in all events have all rights, power and authority to exerciseelectronic self-help and to exercise all rights, remedies and recourse to which it may be entitled, which self-help shall include without limitation, all electronic means available to Licensor. 10. Limitation of Liability. In no event shall licensor be liable to licensee for any indirect, special or consequential damages or lost profits arising out of or related to this license agreement or the performance or breach thereof, even if licensor has been advised of the possibility thereof. Licensors liability to licensee hereunder, if any, shall in no event exceed the total of the license fees paid to licensor hereunder by licensee for the term during which such liability arises. In no event shall licensor be liable to licensee for any damages resulting from or related to any failure of the Licensed Product, including, but not limited to, loss of data, delay in the delivery of the licensed product or the performance of this agreement. these limiations are expressly independent and separate from any other term or provision of this agreement. 11. General Matters. 11.1. Any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought no later than one (1) year after it has accrued. 11.2. This Agreement is the exclusive agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and superseded all prior understandings, writings, proposals, representations, or communications, oral or written, of either party. This Agreement may only be amended by an instrument executed by the authorized representatives of both parties. 11.3. This Agreement is binding upon the Licensors and Licensees successors and assigns. 11.4. Licensee may not assign or transfer this Agreement or the rights and licenses granted hereunder without the Licensors prior written consent. 11.5. Should any part of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed consistent with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention of the parties, and all other portions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. 11.6. Failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of the provision or the right to enforce that provision. 11.7. The Licensed Products are for educational and information purposes only. Nothing contained in the Licensed Products is intended to constitute legal advice or legal opinions on any specific matter. Instead, Licensee acknowledges that Licensee shall seek appropriate legal or other professional advice in order to assure compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation, HIPAA. 11.8. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, it is specifically acknowledged and agreed that no representation, warranty or other assurance whatsoever is made, directly or indirectly, that (i) all or any portion of the Software or License Product complies with any federal, state or local laws, rules, regulations or ordinances, as the same may be changed from time to time, including without limitation, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (commonly known as HIPAA), or (ii) Licensees Use of the Software and License Products will result in Licensees compliance with any federal, state, or local laws, rules, regulations or ordinances, as the same may be changed from time to time, including without limitation, HIPAA. 11.9. All duties and obligations of the parties shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. 11.10 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for under this Agreement shall be in writing and mailed or delivered to the applicable party at its address indicated below: Licensor: HDM Corporation Attention: Corporate Secretary 604 North 129th Street Omaha, NE 68154 (402) 951-4500
