License Agreement Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before installing and using the software. Your usage of our software indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty. Registered Version Terms of Use Generally you need as many licenses as you have machines and clients on which our software is available for execution. One registered copy of our software may either be used by a single person who uses the software personally and non-simultaneously on up to three fix assigned computers, or it may be installed on a single workstation used non-simultaneously by multiple people, but not both. You may access the registered version of our software through a network, assuming that you have obtained individual licenses for the software covering all physical workstations, servers and terminal clients that will be able to access the software through the network. For instance, if 8 different workstations or terminal clients are able to access our software on the network, you will need at least 8 licenses, regardless of whether they use our software at different times or concurrently. There are multi user licenses of the software available which make licenses much cheaper compared to individual licenses. A multi user license pack may be used at one location and by one company (legal entity) only, it cannot be split between several locations and it cannot be used by parent or subsidiary companies. A site-license allows you to use our software on all computers of one location (city) of a company. For instance, if your company has a branch in Los Angeles and bought a site license, the software may be installed on all computers there. For the computers in New York you need additional licenses. A countrywide license allows our software to be installed on all PCs and servers of your company in one country, a worldwide license allows our software to be installed on all PCs and servers of your company worldwide. Again, this does not include parent or subsidiary companies. Each license may only be used at one location and for a maximum of two companies (legal entities). A license may not be used at more than one location, respectively for data of or by employees of more than two companies, regardless of how said companies are legally linked. In combination with our software, modules can be provided which are subject to other license agreements, especially the GPL. In addition to these modules, the corresponding licenses will also be installed. These licenses have to be respected when the software is redistributed and may contain a reference to the source code of the modules. Distribution of the Software The distribution of the full version to third parties is prohibited in any form, including selling, renting and loan, without prior authorization by JAM Software. All distribution rights remain with the author. A non-authorized distribution of the software is an illegal act. Licensed developer components may be distributed freely with the projects of those customers who have a license, as long as they distribute them in binary form and without the license file. In this case the number of licenses that is needed must be greater or equal to the number of users that are using the components for development. Updates Support Updates and support are free within the selected maintenance period after purchase. You are allowed to use the software as long as you want to. If your maintenance expires you will receive no more free updates or support, but you will be able to purchase a renewal for a reduced price in our customer's area. Maintenance includes support by email and phone during our business hours and the online availability of the licensed software and installation keys. Disclaimer of Warranty THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD AS IS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. Because of the various hardware and software environments in which this software may be used, NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS OFFERED. Good data processing procedure dictates that any program should be thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it. The user must assume the entire risk of using the program. ANY LIABILITY OF THE SELLER WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO PRODUCT REPLACEMENT OR REFUND OF PURCHASE PRICE. Evaluation Version (Unregistered Version) Evaluation and Registration This is not a free software. Subject to the terms below, you are hereby licensed to use this software for evaluation purposes without charge for a period of 30 days. If you use this software after the 30 day evaluation period a registration fee must be paid. Prices of single and multi user licenses are available on the web page: http: jam-software.com prices.html. As soon as we receive your payment you will be sent your login information for our password-protected customers area on the web. Here you may download the latest version of your registered software for free within your maintenance period. Unregistered use of this software after the 30-day evaluation period is a violation of German and international copyright laws. Distribution You have to verify that you are distributing the evaluation version only (select About from the Help menu to check). You are hereby licensed to make as many copies of the evaluation version of this software and documentation as you wish, give exact copies of the original evaluation version to anyone and distribute the evaluation version of the software and documentation in its unmodified form via electronic means. There is no charge for any of the above. You are specifically prohibited from charging or requesting donations for any such copies, however made and from distributing the software and or documentation with other products (commercial or otherwise) without prior written permission. See also Contact JAM Software GmbH Am Wissenschaftspark 26 54296 Trier Germany Managing Director: Joachim Marder Phone: +49-651-145653-0 Fax:+49-651-145653-29
