Go Software License Agreement IMPORTANT - Read this carefully before using this product. ALGORITHMIC IMPLEMENTATIONS, INC. (D.B.A. AI SQUARED) IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE ENCLOSED SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY IF YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, LICENSOR WILL NOT LICENSE THIS SOFTWARE TO YOU, AND IN THAT CASE YOU SHOULD RETURN THIS PRODUCT PROMPTLY, INCLUDING THE PACKAGING, CD-ROM, AND ALL WRITTEN MATERIALS, TO THE PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A FULL REFUND. Ownership of the Software 1. The enclosed Licensor software program (Software) and the accompanying written materials are owned by Licensor and are protected by United States copyright laws, by laws of other nations, and by international treaties. Grant Of License 2. Licensor grants to you the right to install and use one copy of the Software on a single computer. The licensed user of this Software may install additional copies for his or her personal use on a laptop or other systems. You may install the Software on a single network server, provided that you have a License for Network Station from Licensor for each station of the network at which the Software is used. Restrictions on Use and Transfer 3. You may not copy the Software, except that (1) you may make one copy of the Software solely for backup or archival purposes, and (2) you may transfer the Software to a single hard disk provided you keep the original solely for backup or archival purposes. You may not copy the written materials. 4. You may permanently transfer the Software and accompanying written materials (including the most recent update and all prior versions) if you retain no copies and the transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. Such a transfer terminates your license. You may not rent or lease the Software or otherwise transfer or assign the right to use the Software, except as stated in this paragraph. 5. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software. Limited Warranty 6. Licensor warrants that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying written materials for a period of 90 days from the date of your receipt of the Software. Any implied warranties on the Software are limited to 90 days. Some states do not allow limitations on duration of an implied warranty, so the above limitation may not apply to you. 7. Licensor disclaims all other warranties, either express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, with respect to the software and the accompanying written materials. This limited warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may have others, which vary from state to state. 8. Licensors entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be, at licensors choice, either (a) return of the price paid or (b) replacement of the software that does not meet licensors limited warranty and which is returned to licensor with a copy of your receipt. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or 30 days, whichever is longer. These remedies are not available outside the United States of America. 9. This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the Software has resulted from modification, accident, abuse, or misapplication. 10. In no event will licensor be liable to you for damages, including any loss of profits, lost savings, or other incidental or consequential damages arising out of your use or inability to use the software. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. 11. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Vermont. 12. If you have any questions concerning this Agreement or wish to contact Licensor for any reason, please write: Ai Squared, P.O. Box 669, Manchester Center, VT 05255. 13. U.S. Government Restricted Rights. The Software and documentation are provided with Restricted Rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions set forth in subparagraph (c)(1) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1)(ii) and (2) of Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable. Supplier is Ai Squared, P.O. Box 669, Manchester Center, VT 05255. Ai Squared 130 Taconic Business Park Road Manchester Center, Vermont 05255 Phone +1 (802) 362-3612 Fax +1 (802) 362-1670 Sales Support (c) 2013 Ai Squared, all rights reserved.
